
## Release Notes 2.1.6

<div style={{height: '30px'}}></div>

Apache StreamPark 2.1.6, as the first release following its graduation to become a Apache TLP,
includes some improvements, and bug fixes.
This release significantly enhances the stability and user experience of the platform.
It's recommended that users upgrade to this version.

<div style={{height: '30px'}}></div>

### Features
---
- N.A

### Bugfix
---
- VUE router name PAGE_NOT_FOUND_NAME bug fixed.
- Permission Guard bug fixed.
- Fix that Failed to update savepoint status #4134
- Fix the issue where metrics do not update upon restart. #4149
- Fix flink metrics watch logic error #4160
- Fix NPE in SQL validation without operators #4159
- Fix the incorrect Failed job state when stopping jobs #4158
- RestOptions.AWAIT_LEADER_TIMEOUT type compatibility improvement
- Scala TypeInformation type conversion bug fixed.
- Set kubernetes pod template parameter bug fixed.
- Fix alarm view css #4230
- Trigger savepoint with path bug fixed
- VUE router-name bug fixed.

### Improvements
---
- Table t_app_backup ddl improvement
- Unauthorized access to Spring Boot Actuator #4171
- JDBC config improvement
- JDBC-connector filterFunction improvement
- Shell scripts improvement
- Border style improvement
- Code style improvement
- TPL related migration.

### Acknowledgements
---
Thanks contributors, users, etc. related with the work of the new version for the efforts.

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/apache/streampark/compare/v2.1.5...v2.1.6-rc1
